# Individual_Self_Assesment
When the course first started I faced a lot of challenges, the first was the world I was jumping into, everything was foreign, then, I had to find a balance with my schedule and the fast pace of the course, and sometimes, the modules were daunting because it felt like learning a new language every single week with no time to focus on grammar. However, after I found my balance all I had to do was get to work. I feel I have come a long way in the past 6 months. My favorite part of the course were databases, they were easy for me to understand and work with, I picked up the SQL language faster than any of the other ones. My weak link is JavaScript, I did not like it at all, it was too confusing for me. Python is one that, throughout the course I have gotten very familiar with, however, I am 100% sure there is a lot more for me to learn. This is why I feel I like programming, because there is always something new to learn. 

My team works very well together. We were able to always reach an understanding and we would always help each other during the course of the project. We each stuck to our tasks and carried them out, but also helped other members with their tasks if they were stuck.

Our project was also decided unanimously. It was decided that we would do an analysis on video game sales based on their genres and the regions they were sold in. We used a SQLite database and a Machine Learning module to get the sales of games on three consoles, and how much these games sold globally.  
